# DocumentQueryParameters

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**document_type** | **string** | The field is deprecated for specific customer document endpoints. It will only be usable from customer document endpoint. | [optional] 
**released** | **int** | Parameter for showing if invoice has been released or not. | [optional] 
**dunning_level** | **int** | The dunning level of the document. | [optional] 
**closed_financial_period** | **string** | The date of the closing of the financial period. | [optional] 
**dunning_letter_date_time** | **string** | The date and time for when the document last released a dunning letter. | [optional] 
**dunning_letter_date_time_condition** | **string** | Set time/date as before (&amp;lt;), after (&amp;gt;), before and including (&#x3D;&amp;lt;) OR after and including (&#x3D;&amp;gt;) to filter on time frame. | [optional] 
**project** | **string** | The project with which the document is associated. | [optional] 
**expand_applications** | **bool** | True if you want to see all dunning information regarding this document. | [optional] 
**expand_dunning_information** | **bool** |  | [optional] 
**expand_attachments** | **bool** | True if you want to see all attachments regarding this document. | [optional] 
**expand_tax_details** | **bool** | True if you want to see all VAT details regarding this document. | [optional] 
**expand_invoice_address** | **bool** | True if you want to see all information regarding the invoice address for this document. | [optional] 
**financial_period** | **string** | The financial period to which the transactions recorded in the document is posted. Format YYYYMM. | [optional] 
**document_due_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | The date when payment for the document is due, in accordance with the credit terms. | [optional] 
**status** | **string** | The status of the document. Use the dropdown to select status. | [optional] 
**number_to_read** | **int** | This field has been deprecated and will be removed in future versions. Use pagenumber and pagesize for pagination purposes. Pagenumber and pagesize does not work with NumberToRead and SkipRecords. | [optional] 
**skip_records** | **int** | This field has been deprecated and will be removed in future versions. Use pagenumber and pagesize for pagination purposes. Pagenumber and pagesize does not work with NumberToRead and SkipRecords. | [optional] 
**external_reference** | **string** | The top part &amp;gt; External reference &amp;gt; The external reference used in AutoInvoice. | [optional] 
**payment_reference** | **string** | The top part &amp;gt; Payment ref. &amp;gt; The reference number of the document, as automatically generated by the system in accordance with the number series assigned to cash sales in the Customer ledger preferences window.. | [optional] 
**customer_ref_number** | **string** | The top part &amp;gt; External reference &amp;gt; The external reference used in AutoInvoice. | [optional] 
**greater_than_value** | **string** | Greater than value. The item which is the object for this, varies from API to API. | [optional] 
**last_modified_date_time** | **string** | System generated value for last modification of transaction/record. Use format: YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM (date and time) to filter from date to present. | [optional] 
**last_modified_date_time_condition** | **string** | System retrieved information for state/condition. | [optional] 
**created_date_time** | **string** | Creation date and time. | [optional] 
**created_date_time_condition** | **string** | System-retrieved information for state/condition | [optional] 
**page_number** | **int** | Pagination parameter. Page number. | [optional] 
**page_size** | **int** | Pagination parameter. Number of items to be collected. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


