# JournalTransactionLineDto

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**line_number** | **int** | The table &amp;gt; Number at the left indicating the line number of the table. | [optional] 
**account_number** | **string** | Mandatory field: The table &amp;gt; Account* &amp;gt; The account (associated with the specified branch) whose balance will be updated by the journal entry. | [optional] 
**description** | **string** | The table &amp;gt; Description &amp;gt; A detailed description provided by a user or generated by the system. | [optional] 
**subaccount** | **object** | Mandatory field: The table &amp;gt; Subaccount &amp;gt; The subaccount used with the account to detail a journal entry. | [optional] 
**reference_number** | **string** | The table &amp;gt; Ref. no. &amp;gt; The reference number of the external or internal document associated with the journal transaction. | [optional] 
**debit_amount** | **double** | The table &amp;gt; Debit amount &amp;gt; The debit amount of the journal entry. | [optional] 
**debit_amount_in_currency** | **double** | Background calculation giving you the debit amount in your default currency. This field is applicable if the amount is given in another currency than your default. | [optional] 
**credit_amount** | **double** | The table &amp;gt; Credit amount &amp;gt; The credit amount of the journal entry. | [optional] 
**credit_amount_in_currency** | **double** | Background calculation giving you the Credit amount in your default currency. This field is applicable if the amount is given in another currency than your default. | [optional] 
**transaction_description** | **string** | The table &amp;gt; Transaction Description &amp;gt; A description of the transaction or any comments relevant to the transaction. | [optional] 
**vat_code** | **object** | The table &amp;gt; VAT code &amp;gt; The VAT code based on which the taxable amount is calculated. | [optional] 
**vat** | **object** | The table &amp;gt; VAT ID &amp;gt; The VAT used to calculate the VAT amount. | [optional] 
**branch** | **string** | The table &amp;gt; Branch &amp;gt; The branch associated with this journal entry. | [optional] 
**customer_supplier** | **string** | The table &amp;gt; Customer/Supplier &amp;gt; The customer or supplier associated with the entry. | [optional] 
**transaction_type** | **string** | The top part &amp;gt; Type &amp;gt; The type of this general ledger batch, which is specified by the system automatically. | [optional] 
**module** | **string** | The workspace where the batch originates. See module in the Top part &amp;gt; Workspace | [optional] 
**uom** | **string** | The table &amp;gt; UoM &amp;gt; The quantity of items associated with the transaction, if relevant. | [optional] 
**project** | **object** | The table &amp;gt; Project &amp;gt; The project with which this batch is associated, or the code indicating that this batch is not associated with any project. | [optional] 
**project_task** | **object** | The table &amp;gt; Project task &amp;gt; The particular task of the project with which this batch is associated. | [optional] 
**attachments** | [**\Ekstralys\VismaNetApi\Model\AttachmentDto[]**](AttachmentDto.md) |  | [optional] 
**quantity** | **double** | The table &amp;gt; Quantity &amp;gt; The quantity of items associated with the transaction, if relevant. | [optional] 
**inventory_number** | **string** | Item ID &amp;gt; The item ID of the line item, if applicable. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


