# PaymentDto

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**type** | **string** | The top part &amp;gt; Type &amp;gt; The type of a document. The following types are available: Payment, CreditNote, Prepayment, Customer refund, Void payment, Balance write-off | [optional] 
**ref_nbr** | **string** | The top part &amp;gt; Ref.no &amp;gt; The unique identifier for the payment. This number is automatically generated by the system for a new payment document, based on the number series in the AR101000 window. | [optional] 
**status** | **string** | The top part &amp;gt; Status &amp;gt; The status of the customer payment, which for a new document is either Balanced or On hold. [On hold, Balanced, Voided, Scheduled, Open, Closed, Pending print, Pending email, Credit hold, CcHold, Reserved] | [optional] 
**hold** | **bool** | The top part &amp;gt; Hold &amp;gt;  A check box that indicates (if selected) that the document is a draft with the On hold status. This check box is unavailable for debit adjustments. | [optional] 
**application_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Mandatory field: The top part &amp;gt; Date* &amp;gt; The date when a payment is applied to a document (invoice or note). The field display the current business date for tunapplied or partially applied payments and the latest application date for the closed payment | [optional] 
**application_period** | **string** | Mandatory field: The top part &amp;gt; Financial period* &amp;gt; The period to which the payment should be applied, which the system fills in based on the date. | [optional] 
**payment_ref** | **string** | Mandatory field: The top part &amp;gt; Payment ref.* &amp;gt; A secondary payment reference identifier, which can be a system-generated number or an external reference number entered manually. | [optional] 
**customer** | **object** | Mandatory field: The top part &amp;gt; Customer* &amp;gt; The customer who issued the payment. | [optional] 
**location** | **object** | Mandatory field: The top part &amp;gt; Location* &amp;gt; The customer location associated with the sale. | [optional] 
**payment_method** | **object** | The top part &amp;gt; Payment method &amp;gt; The customer&#39;s default payment method; this field is not available for credit notes. | [optional] 
**cash_account** | **string** | Mandatory field: The top part &amp;gt; Cash account* &amp;gt; The default cash account associated with the payment method; this field is not available for credit notes. | [optional] 
**currency** | **string** | The top part &amp;gt; Currency &amp;gt; The currency of the payment document. | [optional] 
**payment_amount** | **double** | The top part &amp;gt; Payment amount &amp;gt; The total of the payment that is entered manually. | [optional] 
**invoice_text** | **string** | The top part &amp;gt; Invoice text &amp;gt; A user-defined description of the payment. 50 alphanumeric characters. | [optional] 
**applied_to_documents** | **double** | The top part &amp;gt; Applied to documents &amp;gt; The total of the documents to which payment is to be applied. | [optional] 
**applied_to_orders** | **double** | The top part &amp;gt; Applied to orders &amp;gt; The total of the orders for which payment is reserved, minus the amount transferred to invoice. | [optional] 
**available_balance** | **double** | The top part &amp;gt; Available balance &amp;gt; The amount that has not been applied. | [optional] 
**write_off_amount** | **double** | The top part &amp;gt; Write-off amount &amp;gt; The amount that has been written off. | [optional] 
**finance_charges** | **double** | The top part &amp;gt; Finance charges &amp;gt; The total on all finance charges applied to this document. | [optional] 
**deducted_charges** | **double** | The top part &amp;gt; Deducted charges &amp;gt; The total amount of bank charges deducted by bank from the payment amount on your cash account (bank account). | [optional] 
**branch** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**last_modified_date_time** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Systemgenerated information. | [optional] 
**payment_lines** | [**\Ekstralys\VismaNetApi\Model\PaymentLineDto[]**](PaymentLineDto.md) | Documents to apply tab &amp;gt; | [optional] 
**orders_to_apply** | [**\Ekstralys\VismaNetApi\Model\OrderToApplyDto[]**](OrderToApplyDto.md) | Orders to apply tab &amp;gt; | [optional] 
**error_info** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**metadata** | **object** |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


