# SalesOrderDto

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**project** | **int** | Mandatory field: The top part &amp;gt; Project* &amp;gt; The field consists of Project ID and Project description. Project ID: The identifier for the project with which this document is associated, or the code indicating that this document is not associated with any project; the non-project code is specified in the Project accounting preferences (PM101000) window. | [optional] 
**print_description_on_invoice** | **bool** | The top part &amp;gt; Print description on invoice &amp;gt; A check box | [optional] 
**print_note_on_external_documents** | **bool** | The top part &amp;gt; Print note on external sales documents &amp;gt; A check box | [optional] 
**print_note_on_internal_documents** | **bool** | The top part &amp;gt; Print line note on internal sales documents &amp;gt; A check box | [optional] 
**so_billing_contact** | **object** | The Financial settings tab &amp;gt; The Invoice address section or on the Delivery address section | [optional] 
**so_billing_address** | **object** | Financial settings tab &amp;gt; Invoice address section | [optional] 
**customer_vat_zone** | **object** | Financial settings tab &amp;gt; Financial information section &amp;gt; Customer VAT zone &amp;gt; The customers VAT zone to be used to process customer sales orders, which generally is the zone associated with the customer&#39;s delivery address. | [optional] 
**invoice_separately** | **bool** | Financial settings tab &amp;gt; Financial information section &amp;gt; Invoice separately &amp;gt; A check box that indicating that this document is to be invoiced separately (if that is required). | [optional] 
**invoice_nbr** | **string** | Financial settings tab &amp;gt; Financial information section &amp;gt; Invoice no.&amp;gt; The invoice number of the invoice generated for this order. | [optional] 
**invoice_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Financial settings tab &amp;gt; Financial information section &amp;gt; Invoice date&amp;gt; The date of the invoice generated for the order. | [optional] 
**terms** | **object** | Mandatory field: Financial settings tab &amp;gt; Financial information section &amp;gt; Terms* &amp;gt; The credit terms used in relations with the customer. See also window CS206500. | [optional] 
**due_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Financial settings tab &amp;gt; Financial information section &amp;gt; Due date &amp;gt; The due date of the invoice according to the credit terms. | [optional] 
**cash_discount_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Financial settings tab &amp;gt; Financial information section &amp;gt; Cash discount date &amp;gt; The date when the cash discount is available for the invoice based on the credit terms. | [optional] 
**post_period** | **string** | The Financial settings tab &amp;gt; Financial information section &amp;gt; Post period &amp;gt; The period to post the transactions generated by the invoice. Format MMYYYY. | [optional] 
**sales_person** | **object** | The Commissions tab &amp;gt; Salesperson ID &amp;gt; The salesperson. | [optional] 
**commission_percent** | **string** | The Commissions tab &amp;gt; Commission (%) &amp;gt; The percentage of commission generally earned by the salesperson. | [optional] 
**commission_amount** | **string** | The Commissions tab &amp;gt; Commission amt. &amp;gt; The commission amount earned by the salesperson on this document. | [optional] 
**commissionable_amount** | **string** | The Commissions tab &amp;gt; Commissionable amount &amp;gt; The amount used to calculate the commission. | [optional] 
**owner** | **object** | The Financial settings tab &amp;gt; Financial information section &amp;gt; Owner &amp;gt; The user in the work group who is responsible for the sales order. | [optional] 
**orig_order_type** | **string** | Mandatory field: The top part &amp;gt; Order type* &amp;gt; The type of the document, which is one of the predefined order types or a custom order type created by using the window SO201000. | [optional] 
**orig_order_nbr** | **string** | The top part &amp;gt; Order no. &amp;gt; The order number of the document. | [optional] 
**so_shipping_contact** | **object** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Delivery address contact section | [optional] 
**so_shipping_address** | **object** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Delivery address section | [optional] 
**sched_shipment** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Shipping information section &amp;gt; Sched. shipment &amp;gt; The date when the ordered goods are scheduled to be shipped. | [optional] 
**ship_separately** | **bool** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Shipping information section &amp;gt; Ship separately &amp;gt; This check box indicates that the goods for the customer should be shipped separately for each sales order. | [optional] 
**ship_complete** | **string** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Shipping information section &amp;gt; Shipping rule &amp;gt; An option that controls whether incomplete and partial shipments for the order are allowed. | [optional] 
**cancel_by** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Shipping information section &amp;gt; Cancel by &amp;gt; The date when the order should be cancelled if the Back order allowed option has been selected in the Shipping rule field. | [optional] 
**canceled** | **bool** | The Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; The Shipping information section &amp;gt; Cancelled &amp;gt; A check box that indicates that the order has been cancelled on the date specified in Cancel by. | [optional] 
**preferred_warehouse** | **object** | The Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; The shipping information section &amp;gt; Preferred warehouse ID | [optional] 
**ship_via** | **object** | The Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Shipping information section &amp;gt; Ship via &amp;gt;  The Ship via code that represents the carrier and its service to be used for shipping the ordered goods. | [optional] 
**fob_point** | **object** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Shipping information section &amp;gt; FOB point &amp;gt; The point where ownership of the goods is transferred to the customer. | [optional] 
**priority** | **int** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Shipping information section &amp;gt; Priority &amp;gt; Field only for informational purposes. The level of priority for processing order of this customer, as specified for the customer on the Shipping settings tab on the AR303000 window. | [optional] 
**shipping_terms** | **object** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Shipping information section &amp;gt; Shipping terms | [optional] 
**shipping_zone** | **object** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Shipping information section &amp;gt; Shipping zone | [optional] 
**residential_delivery** | **bool** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Shipping information section &amp;gt; Residential delivery &amp;gt; A check box that you select to indicate that the shipment should be delivered to a residential area. | [optional] 
**saturday_delivery** | **bool** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Shipping information section &amp;gt; Saturday delivery &amp;gt; A check box that indicates that the order may be delivered on Saturday. | [optional] 
**insurance** | **bool** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Shipping information section &amp;gt; Insurance &amp;gt; A check box that you select to indicate that insurance is required for this order. | [optional] 
**transaction_type** | **object** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Intrastat section &amp;gt; Transaction type | [optional] 
**payment_method** | **object** | Payment settings tab &amp;gt; Payment method | [optional] 
**cash_account** | **string** | Payment settings tab &amp;gt; Cash account | [optional] 
**payment_ref** | **string** | Payment settings tab &amp;gt; Payment ref. | [optional] 
**is_rot_rut_deductible** | **bool** | A check box indicating if the document is Rot/rut deductible (applicable for the Swedish markets) | [optional] 
**lines** | [**\Ekstralys\VismaNetApi\Model\SalesOrderLineDto[]**](SalesOrderLineDto.md) | Document details tab &amp;gt; | [optional] 
**shipments** | [**\Ekstralys\VismaNetApi\Model\SalesOrderShipmentDto[]**](SalesOrderShipmentDto.md) | Shipment tab &amp;gt; | [optional] 
**order_type** | **string** | Mandatory field: The top part &amp;gt; Order type &amp;gt; The type of the document, which is one of the predefined order types or a custom order type created by using the (SO201000) window. | [optional] 
**order_no** | **string** | The top part &amp;gt; Order no.: &amp;gt; The reference number of the document. | [optional] 
**status** | **string** | The top part &amp;gt; Status &amp;gt; The status of the document, which can be one of the following options: On hold, Credit hold, Pending aååroval, Rejected, Open, Cancelled, Shipping, Back order, Invoiced, Completed. | [optional] 
**hold** | **bool** | The top part &amp;gt; Hold &amp;gt; A check box that you select if the document is on hold and should not be processed further at this time. | [optional] 
**date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Mandatory field: The top part &amp;gt; Date* &amp;gt;  The date of the document. | [optional] 
**request_on** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Mandatory field: The top part &amp;gt; Requested on &amp;gt; The date when the customer wants to receive the goods; this date provides the default values for the Requested on dates for order lines. | [optional] 
**customer_order** | **string** | The top part &amp;gt; Customer order &amp;gt; The reference number of the original customer document that the sales order is based on. | [optional] 
**customer_ref_no** | **string** | The top part &amp;gt; External reference &amp;gt; The reference number of the sales order in a third-party application if Visma.net Financials is integrated with such an application and imports the sales orders from it. | [optional] 
**customer** | **object** | The top part &amp;gt; Customer &amp;gt; The customer that has ordered the goods or services. | [optional] 
**contact_id** | **int** | The top part &amp;gt; Contact &amp;gt; The contact person of the customer. | [optional] 
**location** | **object** | Mandatory field: The top part &amp;gt; Location* &amp;gt; The customer location from which the goods or services have been ordered or, if the sales order is created from an opportunity, the customer location specified for the opportunity. | [optional] 
**currency** | **string** | The top part &amp;gt; Currency &amp;gt; The currency of the document. | [optional] 
**description** | **string** | The top part &amp;gt; Description &amp;gt; A brief description of the document. | [optional] 
**order_total** | **double** | The top part &amp;gt; Order total &amp;gt; The total amount of the document, which is calculated as follows:  Line Total + Misc.Charges + Freight + Premium Freight – Discount Total+ Tax Total | [optional] 
**order_total_in_base_currency** | **double** |  | [optional] 
**vat_taxable_total** | **double** | The top part &amp;gt; VAT taxable total &amp;gt; The document total that is subject to VAT. | [optional] 
**vat_taxable_total_in_base_currency** | **double** |  | [optional] 
**vat_exempt_total** | **double** | The top part &amp;gt; VAT exempt total &amp;gt; The document total that is exempt from VAT. | [optional] 
**vat_exempt_total_in_base_currency** | **double** |  | [optional] 
**tax_total** | **double** | The top part &amp;gt; VAT total &amp;gt; The total amount of tax paid on the document. | [optional] 
**tax_total_in_base_currency** | **double** |  | [optional] 
**exchange_rate** | **double** |  | [optional] 
**discount_total** | **double** |  | [optional] 
**discount_total_in_base_currency** | **double** |  | [optional] 
**last_modified_date_time** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Background information collected from the system. | [optional] 
**branch_number** | **object** | Mandatory field: Document details tab &amp;gt; Branch* &amp;gt; The branch of the company. | [optional] 
**note** | **string** | Icon Notes on top of the window &amp;gt; Pop-up window for providing any user-defined text connected to the order. | [optional] 
**attachments** | [**\Ekstralys\VismaNetApi\Model\AttachmentDto[]**](AttachmentDto.md) | The data containing information about the document attachments | [optional] 
**error_info** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**metadata** | **object** |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


