# ShipmentDto

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**shipment_number** | **string** | The top part &amp;gt; Shipment no &amp;gt; The unique reference number of the document, which is automatically generated by the system. | [optional] 
**shipment_type** | **string** | The top part &amp;gt; Type &amp;gt; The type of the shipment document, which can be one of the following options: Shipment, Transfer. | [optional] 
**status** | **string** | The top part &amp;gt; Status &amp;gt; The status of the document. | [optional] 
**hold** | **bool** | The top part &amp;gt; Hold &amp;gt; This check box indicates (if selected) that the documents cannot be processed further until the check box is cleared. | [optional] 
**operation** | **string** | The top part &amp;gt; Operation &amp;gt; The operation to be performed in the Inventory workspace for this shipment: Issue or Receipt. | [optional] 
**shipment_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Mandatory field: The top part &amp;gt; Shipment date* &amp;gt; The date when the document has been created. | [optional] 
**customer** | **object** | The top part &amp;gt; Customer &amp;gt; The customer to whom the goods specified in the document should be shipped. (This field does not appear for transfers.) | [optional] 
**location** | **object** | Mandatory field: The top part &amp;gt; Location* &amp;gt; The customer location to receive the shipment. | [optional] 
**from_warehouse** | **object** | Mandatory field: The top part &amp;gt; Warehouse ID* &amp;gt; The warehouse from which the goods should be shipped. | [optional] 
**to_warehouse** | **object** | The top part &amp;gt; To warehouse &amp;gt; The warehouse to which the goods should be shipped in case of a transfer. | [optional] 
**currency_id** | **string** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Freight currency &amp;gt; By default, it is the currency of the sales order, but you can change it if needed. | [optional] 
**owner** | **object** | The top part &amp;gt; Owner &amp;gt; The user assigned to approve the document. | [optional] 
**shipped_quantity** | **double** | The top part &amp;gt; Shipped quantity &amp;gt; The quantity of goods shipped. | [optional] 
**shipped_weight** | **double** | The top part &amp;gt; Shipped weight &amp;gt; The weight of the goods shipped. | [optional] 
**shipped_volume** | **double** | The top part &amp;gt; Shipped volume &amp;gt; The total volume of the items in the shipment. | [optional] 
**packages** | **double** | The top part &amp;gt; Packages &amp;gt; The number of boxes included in this shipment. | [optional] 
**packages_weight** | **double** | The top part &amp;gt; Package weight &amp;gt; The total weight of the shipment that includes the weight of boxes (for boxes determined automatically). | [optional] 
**control_quantity** | **double** | The top part &amp;gt; Control quantity &amp;gt; The control value, which you manually enter as a value equal to the shipped quantity if the Validate shipment total on confirmation check box has been selected in the Sales orders preferences (SO101000) window. | [optional] 
**delivery_address** | **object** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Delivery address section &amp;gt; | [optional] 
**delivery_contact** | **object** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Delivery address contact section &amp;gt; | [optional] 
**ship_via** | **object** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Shipping information section &amp;gt; Ship via &amp;gt; The carrier used for shipping the goods. | [optional] 
**fob_point** | **object** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Shipping information section &amp;gt; FOB point &amp;gt; The point where obligation of goods passes to the customer. | [optional] 
**shipping_terms** | **object** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Shipping information section &amp;gt; Shipping terms &amp;gt; The shipping terms used in relations with the customer. | [optional] 
**shipping_zone** | **object** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Shipping information section &amp;gt; Shipping zone ID &amp;gt; The shipping zone of the customer. | [optional] 
**residential_delivery** | **bool** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Shipping information section &amp;gt; Residential delivery &amp;gt; This check box indicates (if selected) that the shipping address is a residential one. | [optional] 
**saturday_delivery** | **bool** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Shipping information section &amp;gt; Saturday delivery &amp;gt; This check box indicates delivery on saturday. | [optional] 
**use_customer_account** | **bool** |  | [optional] 
**insurance** | **bool** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Shipping information section &amp;gt; Insurance &amp;gt; This check box indicates (if selected) that insurance is required for the shipment. | [optional] 
**freight_cost** | **double** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Shipping information section &amp;gt; Freight cost &amp;gt; The freight cost of the shipment. | [optional] 
**freight_amt** | **double** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Shipping information section &amp;gt; Freight amt. &amp;gt; The amount of freight the customer will be charged for the shipment. | [optional] 
**transaction_type** | **object** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Intrastat section &amp;gt; Transaction type &amp;gt; The 1-digit code that describes the nature of the transaction (according to EU regulations for Intrastat reporting). | [optional] 
**mode_of_trasport** | **object** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Intrastat section &amp;gt; Mode of transportation &amp;gt; The method of transportation. | [optional] 
**container** | **bool** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Intrastat section &amp;gt; Container &amp;gt; This check box indicates (if selected) that the shipment gets marked as shipped in container for Intrastat reporting purposes. | [optional] 
**shipment_detail_lines** | [**\Ekstralys\VismaNetApi\Model\ShipmentDetailLineDto[]**](ShipmentDetailLineDto.md) | Document details tab &amp;gt; | [optional] 
**shipment_order_lines** | [**\Ekstralys\VismaNetApi\Model\ShipmentOrderLineDto[]**](ShipmentOrderLineDto.md) | Orders tab &amp;gt; | [optional] 
**shipment_package_lines** | [**\Ekstralys\VismaNetApi\Model\PackageDetailLineDto[]**](PackageDetailLineDto.md) | Packages tab &amp;gt; | [optional] 
**last_modified_date_time** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | System generated information. | [optional] 
**note** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**error_info** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**metadata** | **object** |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


